That's it for the front-end.
You should now have a webpage with a few links and a couple of data visualizations.
This is already something you could put in
your portfolio because it shows off your data visualization skills.
If you haven't started a portfolio yet with your other Nanodegree projects,
now's the perfect time.
All of your files are currently in a directory in
the classroom workspace or on your local computer.
You should be able to open the HTML file in a local web browser and see the dashboard.
Currently, if you wanted to share your dashboard with
a coworker you'd have to transfer all of these files to your coworkers computer.
Then hat person would have to open the HTML document locally,
which is a whole lot of fuss just to show off your visualizations.
It would be much nicer if your web app were on the Internet.
Then, anyone could type a web address in a browser and see your work.
But how do you get your dashboard onto the internet?
For that, you'll need a back-end.
You're going to build a simple back-end using a framework called Flask.
For a data scientist,
one of the biggest benefits of Flask is that the framework is written in Python.
That means, you can use scikit-learn,
pandas and numPy in your back-end code if you
need to do any data wrangling or run machine learning algorithms.
Once you've coded the back-end,
you'll be ready to deploy your application to a server.
Deployment will be the last step to getting your application on the internet.
Let's get started with building the back-end and deploying the web app to a server.